Glad you're here
An employee was rude to me just now
Who offended you?
This is the woman.
It's you who likes less
You know him?
Yesterday at the bar
It was my preconceived misunderstanding
You were gone when I went back to find you
You find me
Did you go there five years ago?
hi
You have no idea how vicious this woman is
He not only stole Director Li's Ximen Manuscript Sword
I want a million yuan
Blackmailing you in the lower half of the river, you turn right and wrong
Just say if you want to 1 million
He has me to prove to Miss Lily
I do want it
But that's because enough is enough.
I can't believe you will do anything for money
Ok hi
Don't get mad at him anymore
Everybody listen up.
In the future, this company
Lily has the final say
Yes
Then let's go
Xi Shao, I can't even manage an employee
Do you think I'm useless?
You saved me back then
I have always been grateful to you
How can I dislike you?
It's nice to like less
But
You said I've been by your side for 5 years
People outside laugh at me for being nameless
This time you go back to China
When are you going to marry me?
What is the Western Han Dynasty often hesitating about?
He saved your life
OK
Just what you think
Third brother, let's go directly to the company to find Mommy.
Will it disturb Mommy?
Heard that day
Papa
That's what it sounds like.
Who are these two children?